https://deepai.org/machine-learning-model/dystopian-landscape-generator

Office: A large book about mathematical fractals, with pictures of complicated fractal patterns, is lying on a desk cluttered with cubes, icoasahedrons and other mathematical objects. The desk is inside an office with a large bookcase.
OfficeDoor: A large door with an ornamental door handle is positioned right of a large bookcase. On the right side of the door, on head height, is a small key box with an empty electronic touch screen on its front. The floor of the room is a clean carpet with a basic pattern.

Maths
MathsRoom: A tidy mathematics classroom. There are various tables for students orderly spread across the room. The walls are lined with various mathematically themed posters. The floor is clean and uncluttered. The back wall has a door back to the school hallway. 
MathsDoor1: A door in a tidy classroom. Next to the door is a small box where keys might be stored. The floor is clean. There are mathematical posters on the walls.
MathsDoor2: There is a door in a classroom. Next to the door is a small box with a screen on its front. The floor is clean. There is nothing else hanging on the walls. Above the door are three non-glowing green lightbulbs next to each other. The lightbulbs are not glowing or giving light.

Music
MusicRoom: A tidy music classroom. There are student tables in the center. One wall has a large piano. The other wall has several guitars and other musical instruments hanging along the wall. The floor is clean. In the back of the room is a door locked by a small padlock. Next to it is a large blackboard with a few unintelligible scribbles.
MusicDoor: A padlock is used to lock a door in a room. The door is closed. The padlock is attached to a metal ring right below the door handle. The padlock has four dials in a vertical pattern. There is no other text on the padlock. Next to the padlock is a small post-it note with the word "DRIE". 

Art
ArtRoom: An art classroom has various empty tables set up in rows in the middle of the room. On the outside of the classroom are various easels, sculptures and paintings. The room is clean and gives a tidy impression.
ArtInterface: A small electronic box is hanging on a wall. It has a touch screen with various geometrical shapes shown on it. The box is hanging next to a door, which is on its left side.

History
HistoryRoom: A history classroom with tables neatly aligned. There are posters with pyramids and other historic artifacts along the walls. The floor is clean.
HistoryDoor: A closed door in a history classroom. The floor is tidy. Next to the door, hanging on the wall, is a small electronic box with a screen on its front. There is a poster of pyramids on the wall, half visible at the edge of the picture.